So in this morning we did one super important thing we connected a real back and to our app.
And let me highlight this once again even though next can pre-rendered your pages on the server.
It's not a suicide framework like Express's.
Therefore in our next view code here we don't directly at code to connect to a database for something
like debt we can access some server side resources like the request we got and we'll show you how to
use that in a separate module where you can achieve a closer integration of next and your back end.
But a typical set up old is this one which looks like in a normal single page application where you
have a restful API as a back end where you send requests to the differences.
We can already connect that back and on the server through access and next so that we can still get
that initial data for our preview render page.
And this is exactly what we're achieving here.
We're doing Prete rendering.
We don't have a super close connection between the back end and the front end.
We're just doing pre rendering which is more than just us small just it's actually a big thing and it
drapey enhances our view applications which now all of a sudden R-S.C. of friendly and that is a huge
benefit.
You learned how to add and manipulate data and how to update it locally in the store to always reflect
the latest state even without fetching a new version from the server.
These are all great things.
Now it's time to have a closer look at the next configuration and improve our code base a little bit
before we dentals and have a look at all indication middleware.
And finally at the end of the course of course all that deployment and how to achieve that closer connection
I was referring to.